I beg you.
Stop watching
Thank you for your support.
I like talking to people.
You can ask me anything you want to know
Please don't ask
Go to bed early
Hurry up and get off the air.
Mom, why don't others ask?
Hello everyone, please light up the little red heart
Like 100,000
Online 10,000
And I will answer your questions.
fuck
Why is this little guy more familiar with the business than me?
Great. Okay.
So let me answer your questions.
I can sleep when I die
A feeling that my world is dark
No Light
I have never been to the underworld
My soul keeps going out
And the dragonfly knows that my mother has summoned me.
Live streaming host has this ability
What about Brother Biao?
Yes, what about Brother Biao?
Are you talking about the male live streaming host from before?
Yes, I did.